bpo-41747: Ensure all dataclass methods uses their parents' qualname (#22155)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2020-09-08-23-41-29.bpo-41747.M6wLKv.rst

> Ensure all methods from a :func:`dataclasses.dataclass` uses the
> ``__qualname__`` of the class they belong. Patch by Batuhan Taskaya.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure all methods belonging to :func:`dataclasses.dataclass` objects now have
the proper ``__qualname__`` attribute referring to the class they belong. Patch by Batuhan Taskaya.
```

Author: ups, there is a typo (`propper`). Will commit individually!

Author: Thanks! Comitted

> Ensure all methods belonging to :func:`dataclasses.dataclass` objects

Reviewer 2: This should somehow say that it only applies to methods that dataclasses add, not all methods.

now have the proper ``__qualname__`` attribute referring to the class

> they belong. Patch by Batuhan Taskaya.

Reviewer 2: Again, I think this sentence should end in "they belong to" (adding "to"). It reads better that way.
